# Dog-breeds-Identifier
### AI Programming with Python Udacity Nanodegree Program

Problem Statement: Your city is hosting a citywide dog show and you have volunteered to help the organizing committee with contestant registration. Every participant that registers must submit an image of their dog along with biographical information about their dog. The registration system tags the images based upon the biographical information. 
Some people are planning on registering pets that aren’t actual dogs. You need to use an already developed Python classifier to make sure the participants are dogs.
Note: you DO NOT need to create the classifier. It will be provided to you. You will need to apply the Python tools you just learned to USE the classifier.

Tasks: Using your Python skills, you will determine which image classification algorithm works the "best" on classifying images as "dogs" or "not dogs". Determine how well the "best" classification algorithm works on correctly identifying a dog's breed. If you are confused by the term image classifier look at it simply as a tool that has an input and an output. The Input is an image. The output determines what the image depicts. (for example: a dog). Be mindful of the fact that image classifiers do not always categorize the images correctly. (We will get to all those details much later on the program). Time how long each algorithm takes to solve the classification problem. With computational tasks, there is often a trade-off between accuracy and runtime. 

For this image classification task an image classification application using a deep learning model called a convolutional neural network (often abbreviated as CNN) is used. CNNs work particularly well for detecting features in images like colors, textures, and edges; then using these features to identify objects in the images. A CNN is used that has already learned the features from a giant dataset of 1.2 million images called ImageNet. There are different types of CNNs that have different structures (architectures) that work better or worse depending on criteria. This project let us explore the three different architectures (AlexNet, VGG, and ResNet) and determine which is best for your application.
